The bush factory is in the air today the young man
is to nap
That's why I'm here in the afternoon.
best comfortable way possible
Okay, you give me the right to sit down.
that way today I can be dropped in the
fucking my rival works this
way here every day
understood the shit tie and I did not
I can explain very comfortably here
The way I like it
Let me sit down the way you
I like fucking despite first monster
ask today's question to the monster
will, give
This rod is going to be untrained for
a year and a half due to a job
Volunteer I stopped only half an hour
per day of workouts if I train
during that year and then
without intense workouts what will
happen with a feeding way
I can keep at the end with the same
I'm going to lose what I've won.
It would be better for me to make this sock.
hour of aerobic exercise was worth one
monstrengo am your fan
This is so it will be very variable.
in that one year if you eat well
good food is instrumental as well
trained well you can recruit
fibers is is muscular in shape
enough maturity to be able to recruit
Those queues are really there when you
have a relapse in the intensity of
is dry loss is inevitable.
losing a little because because the body
It is common for body muscle memory and
understood why you were never you
never spent too much time so the
body begins to return to what is the biotype
natural in God but you can get
This half hour of exercise, you have.
in half an hour a day you're dividing well
in muscle groups
I think with half an hour of training
very well formulated you even
suddenly can not lose and even evolve
so also will depend much of their
routine also stress cortisol loading
hourly food rest will be
those three factors alone in
harmony that will tell you if you go
to lose or keep close goes from
lucas lp and oocho I want to do
a gym with the first step that
I should take it good, I do not understand the work.
Maria suddenly the engineer will give you the
this first step is not to them are
column beams will get good to start
This work, the year of the kid, is for you.
the first steps for you to enter the
Academy shame the guy is that's
First step, go and talk, I'm tired of this.
scrotal life is what I want for myself
and go ahead this is the first step
then siblings standard procedure is 3
rest and diet
lucas jonny da silva victorian estronda
léo, your fucking soccer player.
I can take the law because I could not
with the problem that makes of em in bad em
pole talk again ever jonas da silva
the story you have is food powder
Priscilla working protein act today
We had a crazy man training barefoot in the
my little face what to do with being vice
or to be with the kids of the gym
I fucking do a wad there and buy
a shoe is pointing that the guy is going
out in practice this shit go
need
the next will alison and harley léo if
I smoke
the sweet potato I also become a monster
that binds also makes use of a
suppository will also get monster
tries there and also sent his story
what happened to you
anderson lima is from santa maria rio
Great Southern in your opinion what me
says of the training method fst 7
I'm your fan. Stay with a fs. 7 is very good.
It is a more advanced plane I're not
I advise the kids who are
starting to do is a very strong workout
where you repeat the exercise you can get a
A little rest at the end of the workout.
who does not know
and for those who want to know more about 7
soon we will have a video there with the
using this technique in a monstra training
well I wanted to talk here to finish
you also voted
send suggestions from guests that you
Do you want to see it here on the program?
Who do you want to see training who?
Do you want to see the interview here?
So we can contact you.
suddenly grandson do your will
see who is who are his judgments and
references to you can bring
here and learn more about whether this
Guest is okay
Stay with God, that was the question.
lunch until the next
I do not know why I fight so cute
the whole day with the sound also has a
wrong thing, I 'll train as yes, I'll go
train dead
It has a wrong're not giving any
nut thing in here in the pussy whore
what gave birth